Migrating to new keys, or simply re-keying an established store:

   Here's a walkthrough that paints the whole picture for use-case:
 1. You created an RSA key using the less modern of gpg(not gpg2).
 2. You used the RSA key to initialize and have populated your pass store
 3. You read somewhere that RSA has been undermined(or, you didn't verify your
    GPG binary, and you wanted an ed25519 key pair instead. This one was me).
 4. You wish to 're-home' your store so it trusts the new key pair instead.

 In addition to the above scenario, you may have even dictated during key pair
 creation an expirary date, and you wish to migrate to the new key before its
 too late.

 Invoke the GPG binary, in this case, I'm using gpg2

     user@host:~$ gpg2 --expert --full-generate-key

 Choose:
 - 'ECC and ECC'
 - Then choose Curve25519

 This yields a signing key using Ed25519 and an encryption subkey using
 cv25519. GPG2 handles the math; you just enjoy the lighter footprint and
 stronger crypto.

 List keys again:

     user@host:~$ gpg2 --list-secret-keys --keyid-format LONG

 You'll see something like:

     ...
     sec    ed25519/DEADF01DBEEFBAAD
     ...

 Take note of that new key's ID ('DEADF01DBEEFBAAD' in this example)

   Depending on your conditions involved, you may have multiple key stores
 such as that I made example of in 'Multiple_identities_and_stores', or you
 may have a single store. I'll show you how to re-encrypt against a single store
 first, and then follow up with a single store.

 Step 1A: Tell pass to use the new key
   You re-init the store with the new key ID:

     user@host:~$ pass init "DEADBEEFF01DBAAD"

 This doesn't delete anything. It updates the '.gpg-id' file inside your
 password store. That file declares the key that 'pass' re-encrypts for.

 Step 2A: Re-encrypt all secrets
    After you've updated '.gpg-id' with the new key ID, to re-encrypt all
 secrets with the new key, it's as simple as re-issuing the init of 'pass'

     user@host:~$ pass init "DEADBEEFF01DBAAD"

 Your password store is now re-encrypted with the new key ID.

 Step 1B: Tell your targetted key store to use the new key

     user@host:~$ pass init -p work-store "DEADBEEFF01DBAAD"

 Step 2B: and then repeat the same step again to re-encrypt

     user@host:~$ pass init -p work-store "DEADBEEFF01DBAAD"

 Final Step: Check that everything decrypts cleanly

     pass email/gmail

 GPG2 should prompt you for the keys passphras and output the secret.
 At this point, the store has moved into the new crypto keys domain.
